hi this is eugene from 3q bros with part
one of our full PLL tutorial keep in
mind that this is a tutorial for people
who already have a lot of experience in
solving cubes which means that they know
how to solve to look oil and Peele you
do not know then click on the click on
this cube fold PLL is the method of
solving the last layer and only one look
as opposed to two look so which means
you'll need to solve it in one algorithm
so for example i have an unsolved cube
here and ol l and XL is done so all i
have to do is use one algorithm to solve
the cube there are 21 algorithms in full
PLL and i'll be covering seven of them
in this tutorial some of the algorithms
you learn a full PLO are already
applicable to the beginners method and
to look PLL which means that you've
already learned some of these algorithms
and this part of the tutorial will cover
these ones just as a reminder so I'm
sure we have a you a perm on which is
focuses on rotating these three edge
pieces clockwise the salt faces in the
back algorithm is I to you are you are
prime u prime or prime u prime R prime
you are prime this is the UB perm which
is rotating these three edge pieces
counterclockwise the algorithm for you
can you be perm is our your Prime are
you are you are fifth time five prime
fifth time 02 this is the Z perm which
is swapping these two edge pieces and
another to edge pieces of two adjacent
edge pieces so to do this algorithm you
have to put on a pair of unsolved edge
pieces on the bottom and on the left the
algorithm is m 2 u prime m2 v1 mu2 m2 u2
mu2 this is the H perm which is swapping
to opposite edge edges and the algorithm
for the H perm is our to you too or
prime you 20 to you too why to do two or
prime you two are too this is the a a
perm which you can recognize by having a
two by two block going to finish two by
two o'clock and three edge pieces that
you have to rotate clockwise along with
headlights
so the algorithm for the a a perm is our
prime F R prime B to our F prime R Prime
you two are too this is a you be perm it
can be recognized the same way except
that the headlights are now on the side
of the cube of them in the back and the
three corner pieces have to be rotated
counterclockwise this time so the
algorithm for the a beeper ms r2d2 are f
prime V to our F prime R this will be
the last algorithm that i will teach in
this tutorial some people may know this
already if they know to look PLL the
wiper is recognized by two almost solved
faces except for one piece and unsolved
to buy to block in the back so what the
why prim does is swaps opposite corners
and adjacent edges so it's like a why so
the y prime is f are you to Q prime of
our prime u prime are you r prime F fine
are you a prime u prime prime F R
and I'm that's it for the first third of
our full PLL tutorial i'm eugene from
the 3q bros and i hope you enjoyed this
video and i hope you learned the
algorithm successfully and thanks for
watching